Before playing you should enter your name in the bar underneath the board. To change it simply double click on it. Your highscores will then be saved with this name. It is recommended that you always use the same name (including letter case).

Right click on the timer to hide it during a game.


Game menu:

Create - Create a board. Only the mines you enter are used, left-clicking is just for ease of use. Right-click a left-clicked cell to return it to normal.

Solver (only works with 1 mine per cell and detection of 1):
Show probabilities - Show a heatmap of the probabilities for each cell to contain a mine, given the current configuration. Hold the ctrl key and click a button to display the exact probability. Zoom button size to at least 24 to display all values. Note that using this during a game will remove its eligibility for the highscores;
Auto flag - Flag all cells that must contain a mine given the numbers which are revealed. Also removes any incorrect flags;
Auto click - The computer works out the safest cell and clicks it. If the board configuration guarantees the safety of multiple cells, the computer will click them all.

Current info - If you lose a game, use this to see your predicted time.

Highscores - Displays highscores for the current game's settings, and for the name that is entered underneath the board. To see everyone's top scores, remove the name from the bar under the board and click highscores again.

Custom - Type in dimensions of board and number of mines and press enter. A recommended number of mines is provided, and the maximum dimensions are 50x100.

Zoom - Set the size of the cells.


Options menu: (everything below FirstAuto has separate highscores)

FirstAuto - The first click will always give an opening. This is saved in highscores - for 'official' times this should be turned off.

Lives - Only games with 3 lives or less will have their highscores saved.

Max mines per cell - Set the maximum number of mines a cell can contain.

Detection strength - Set the distance that the numbers detect (in squares). A convenient way to visualise the detection is by clicking with the left and right mouse buttons both at once during a game.

Drag and select - Enables selecting buttons by clicking and dragging the mouse.

Distance to - Not yet working. The numbers are given by n = [distance to closest mine] - [number of mines this distance away].


Help menu:

Retrieve highscores - Use to import highscores from an old version (only works for versions at least as high as 1.1.2).